AM2R: Bump Western Cave health req (#5910)
randovania/randovania: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed: In Surface Hi-Jump Challenge: Now correctly uses normal damage instead of lava damage for damage boost.
- Fixed: In Drivel Drive: Intended Ballspark now requires Gravity.
- Changed: In Drivel Drive: Bumped mockball method to Expert.

> - Changed: In Wester Cave Shaft: Bumped health requirement for the decent to require an energy tank in trickless.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed: In Western Cave Shaft: Bumped health requirement for the descent to require an energy tank in trickless.
```
